alright we just finished wrapping up our
sophomore session out here in pasadena
at the national underclassmen combine
and i'm standing next to Thomas Duarte
Thomas is our MVP tight end and you know
Thomas came out here and did some
physical stuff was great off the line as
you can see he's a big big tight end and
just to give you some stats on them he
has also great some great feet he had a
423 shuttle he had a 30 inch verte yeah
23 reps at 155 he weighs about 220 for
so moves really well for a big guy
thomas mann congratulations on your MVP
award you know what sort of things that
you do to uh to make today happen really
I just I just keep my head up and I just
try to work hard as much as I can and
really just come out here and try to do
my bed
me I can only do my best so it's really
what I try to do and uh real quickly
caught it man what are you thinking
forwarding top three choices I don't
know man
I'm going to sophomore I'm looking at
really pack 10 schools those are my
first choices and then just really in
college it's free education and that's
all I want to get you know if I have a
pro career that's just what the lower
breasts me with and i'll be grateful
that's right man that's right so you
guys heard it there any any particular
college you looking at and one that
stands out to me that you might wanna go
to do a suit us safe there you go
trojans who he is modern day again man
congratulations on your award hope you
know see you out in a la down there in
downtown and much continued success
might be working hard right way
you